Add Service Catalog Integration for BI (#179)
wso2/docs-ballerina-integrator: en/docs/integration-guides/usecases/integration-service-as-a-managed-api/how-to-expose-an-integration-service-as-a-managed-api.md

> # How to Expose an Integration Service as a Managed API

Reviewer: File name should match the title. So change the file name to `expose-an-integration-service-as-a-managed-api.md`

## What you'll build

> In this tutorial, you'll define an integration service using WSO2 Integrator: BI and expose it as a managed API to the API marketplace. API consumers then **discover** the API from the marketplace, **subscribe** to it, and **use it** for application development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll define an integration service using WSO2 Integrator: BI and expose it as a managed API to the API marketplace. API consumers then **discover** the API from the marketplace, **subscribe** to it, and **use it** for application development.
```
```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll define an integration service using WSO2 Integrator: BI and expose it as a managed API to the API marketplace. API consumers then discover the API from the marketplace, subscribe to it, and use it for application development.
```

### Step 4: Run the application

1. Select the BI Extension icon and click the **Run** button to execute.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/usecases/integration-service-as-a-managed-api/run.gif">
        <img
            src="{{base_path}}/assets/usecases/integration-service-as-a-managed-api/run.gif"
            alt="run-icon"
            width="80%"
        />
    </a>

2. After signing in to the API Publisher portal: `https://localhost:9443/publisher`, you can see the created service.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/usecases/integration-service-as-a-managed-api/service.png">
        <img
            src="{{base_path}}/assets/usecases/integration-service-as-a-managed-api/service.png"
            alt="service-in-APIM"
            width="80%"
        />
    </a>

3. After connecting to APIM, your integration service will appear as a managed API in the API Publisher portal. From there, you can configure and deploy the API, publish it to the Developer Portal, test it using the integrated API console, and allow consumers to subscribe and invoke the API securely.

!!! Tip

>     For detailed instructions, see [Invoke an API using the Integrated API Console](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.6.0/consume/invoke-apis/invoke-apis-using-tools/invoke-an-api-using-the-integrated-api-console/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For detailed instructions, see [Invoke an API using the Integrated API Console](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/consume/invoke-apis/invoke-apis-using-tools/invoke-an-api-using-the-integrated-api-console/).
```
